1302408821
Application	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Authentication	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/models/authentication.rb	class Authentication 
AuthenticationTest	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/unit/authentication_test.rb	class AuthenticationTest 
AuthenticationsController	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/authentications_controller.rb	class AuthenticationsController 
AuthenticationsControllerTest	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/authentications_controller_test.rb	class AuthenticationsControllerTest 
AuthenticationsHelper	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/authentications_helper.rb	module AuthenticationsHelper
BrowsingTest	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateAuthentications	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/db/migrate/20110410010653_create_authentications.rb	class CreateAuthentications 
CreateIdeas	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/db/migrate/20110410020100_create_ideas.rb	class CreateIdeas 
DeviseCreateUsers	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/db/migrate/20110410014415_devise_create_users.rb	class DeviseCreateUsers 
Dizsuggest	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/config/application.rb	module Dizsuggest
ErrorMessagesHelper	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	module ErrorMessagesHelper
FormBuilderAdditions	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	  module FormBuilderAdditions
Idea	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/models/idea.rb	class Idea 
IdeaTest	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/unit/idea_test.rb	class IdeaTest 
IdeasController	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/ideas_controller.rb	class IdeasController 
IdeasControllerTest	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/ideas_controller_test.rb	class IdeasControllerTest 
IdeasHelper	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/ideas_helper.rb	module IdeasHelper
LayoutHelper	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	module LayoutHelper
RegistrationsController	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	class RegistrationsController 
RegistrationsControllerTest	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/registrations_controller_test.rb	class RegistrationsControllerTest 
RegistrationsHelper	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/registrations_helper.rb	module RegistrationsHelper
RegistrationsHelperTest	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/unit/helpers/registrations_helper_test.rb	class RegistrationsHelperTest 
TestCase	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
User	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserTest	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/unit/user_test.rb	class UserTest 
apply_omniauth	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/models/user.rb	  def apply_omniauth
build_resource	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def build_resource
create	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/authentications_controller.rb	def create
create	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/ideas_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/registrations_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/authentications_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/ideas_controller.rb	  def destroy
down	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/db/migrate/20110410010653_create_authentications.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/db/migrate/20110410014415_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/db/migrate/20110410020100_create_ideas.rb	  def self.down
edit	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/ideas_controller.rb	  def edit
error_messages	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	    def error_messages
error_messages_for	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	  def error_messages_for
index	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/authentications_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/ideas_controller.rb	  def index
javascript	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def javascript
new	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/ideas_controller.rb	  def new
password_required?	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/models/user.rb	  def password_required?
provider_name	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/models/authentication.rb	  def provider_name
show_title?	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def show_title?
stylesheet	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def stylesheet
test_create_invalid	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/authentications_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_invalid	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/ideas_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_invalid
test_create_valid	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/authentications_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_create_valid	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/ideas_controller_test.rb	  def test_create_valid
test_destroy	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/authentications_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_destroy	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/ideas_controller_test.rb	  def test_destroy
test_edit	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/ideas_controller_test.rb	  def test_edit
test_homepage	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
test_index	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/authentications_controller_test.rb	  def test_index
test_index	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/ideas_controller_test.rb	  def test_index
test_new	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/ideas_controller_test.rb	  def test_new
test_should_be_valid	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/unit/authentication_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_should_be_valid	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/unit/idea_test.rb	  def test_should_be_valid
test_update_invalid	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/ideas_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_invalid
test_update_valid	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/test/functional/ideas_controller_test.rb	  def test_update_valid
title	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def title
up	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/db/migrate/20110410010653_create_authentications.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/db/migrate/20110410014415_devise_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/db/migrate/20110410020100_create_ideas.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/daybreaker/Shared/dizsuggest/app/controllers/ideas_controller.rb	  def update
